PRIVACY POLICY FOR Immersive Publishing ALEXA SKILLS
This privacy policy governs your use of the software skills for Amazon Alexa and other similar platforms created by Immersive Publishing.
User Provided Information
The ONLY personal information we collect from users of any age is a first name that is never used to identify any individual.
We share this information with no one other than Immersive Publishing..
We will not normally use any information you provide to us to contact you. Important information concerning required notices, upgrade and bug-fix notifications, or marketing promotions will normally be distributed by means of the Amazon Alexa skills site.
In addition, the Skills do not collect login information from and for social networking platforms.
Third Parties
We do not disclose any information collected to any third party.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Skills may collect certain information automatically as part of normal operation within the context of the Amazon environment. Specifically, this refers to your previous usage of the skill,
This information is used only to allow users to restart the story reading skill so that the story can continue where it left off.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Skills easily by disabling the Skills on your Amazon Alexa account. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your device or Amazon account.
Children
We do not use the Skills to knowingly solicit data (other than a request for a first name so that content can be personalized) from children under the age of 13. We recommend that if a child is using any of these Skills, this is only done with adult supervision.
However, we do require parental permission for the skill to be enabled. This happens via a requirement that the parent input their Amazon account password. This is authenticated by Amazon, at no time do we have access to your Amazon password.
Your Consent
By using the Skills, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy for Skills is effective as of (03/01/2018) and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy for Skills at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy for Skills periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy for Skills on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy for Skills.
Posts
March 2019
December 2018
November 2018
March 2018