Wanderword Privacy Policy
Effective as of: April 1 2020
We are Wanderword. We provide next generation audio entertainment for a mobile and connected lifestyle.
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") details the personal data Wanderword i Sverige AB ("Wanderword", "we", "us" or "our") receives about you. Protecting your privacy is very important to us. We only use your information where we have a legal basis to do so. This Privacy Policy will help you understand what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have when you play any of our games, use our websites, buy merchandise from us, or take part in live events and promotions (the "Services").
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information of anyone using any of our Services.
If you choose to use one of our Services, then you agree to the Terms of Use and any information in relation to this policy. We do not collect any Personal Information. We will not use or share any information with anyone as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
We collect personal information about you and the devices you use to access and interact with us and our Services. We collect registration information
Your registration information enables us to provide you with access to the Services and to supply the Services under the relevant terms of service. It helps us to authenticate your access, to contact you for your views and to notify you of important changes or updates to our Services. 
Where we have your consent and in accordance with your stated communication preferences, we may also contact you for marketing purposes to let you know by post, email, telephone, mobile, smart speaker, or in-app messaging about our other Services and services.
If you no longer want us to use your data in this way or generally change your mind about receiving marketing communications, you can unsubscribe at any time, either by using the unsubscribe option in the communication you receive or by changing your communication settings. 
Please note that we will retain a record of the user information when you unsubscribe from our marketing information for the legitimate purpose of ensuring that we do not contact you further in this way, during the period of your objection.
Billing information
This information will enable us to verify your purchases with first party stores and to contact you in order to assist with resolving any problems with your purchases and to process any refund payments that you may be due.
We will also use and analyze information on transactions on your account for our legitimate interests by data matching or statistical analysis so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business and to help us detect and prevent fraud or other illegal activities or acts prohibited by our terms of service or any policies applicable to the Services.
Technical and device information
We analyze information about how you engage with our Services to understand how our Services are used and to provide you with an optimal gaming experience, such as by rolling out performance-optimizing updates for our Services. We use anonymous data in order to analyze and produce statistics relating to the habits, usage patterns and demographics of users as a group or as individuals. 
When you interact or visit our websites, we will automatically collect information about you such as the type of internet browser or mobile device you use, any website from which you have come to any of the Wanderword sites, your IP address (the quasi-unique address which identifies your device on the internet), country where the device is located, language settings and your operating system, which are automatically recognized by our web server.
We use log files to monitor traffic on our Services, resolve technical problems and to detect and prevent fraud. We use these technologies to provide us with information, such as when an email is opened, or to develop statistics on the effectiveness of advertising or marketing on our websites and for and in our Services. In some cases, including working with third party partners, we use this information to send you ads for our Services or other's Services based on your interests.
We also use technical and device information to operate and improve our Services, enable online matchmaking, facilitate sharing, measure our effectiveness, set up and maintain accounts, track consents to use of personal data, identify and fix errors and to help keep online content fair and safe and to resolve related disputes. We also use this information to deliver you personalized content, help us understand the features of our Services that appeal to you and allows us to manage advertising.
Feedback
We use your feedback to reply to your questions or queries, to provide customer support and resolve problems relating to any of our Services under the relevant terms of service. We will also publish reviews that you submit to us for this purpose about the Services and will conduct analysis of feedback for the purpose of improving and developing the Services.
From and to third parties we use information obtained from third parties to provide you with an optimal experience, to facilitate use of the Services as advertised, to enable you to play our Services on various platforms and to provide attribution credit for advertisements for our Services.
From and to third parties we may also work with advertising networks that serve advertisements into our Services or the websites and Services of third parties. Some of those advertisements may be personalized to your interests based on your activity and technical information and using cookies or device identifiers.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app google Play Services
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Services, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party Services) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Services, the time and date of your use of the Services, and other statistics.
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics Advertising Features to better understand the use of our website for parents. These features include Remarketing, Impression reporting, integration with DoubleClick and Demographic & Interest reporting. They use cookies and anonymous identifiers to collect information and help target advertising. We do not combine this information with any personally identifiable information you may have submitted when signing up to a newsletter for example. Our systems do not recognize browser "Do Not Track" signals; but, you can opt out of Google Analytics by visiting: website_url_lnk
Unity Analytics: Unity technologies makes the software engine for some of our Games. It collects analytical information to better understand your use of our Games and to improve them for you. Unity does not share any personal information with other third parties. Unity will use the collected information only in anonymized form for their own Services.
For more information on Unity please see the privacy policy here: Unity Privacy Policy.
Marketing Tools
Facebook Ads: Facebook collects analytical information to better understand your use of the website and to understand your behaviour in order to display ads targeted to you.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: to facilitate our Services.
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: to provide the Services on our behalf.
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: to perform Service-related services; or
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used.
We want to inform users of this Services that these third parties may have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in using our Services, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
These Services may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important to Wanderword. 
For that reason, we do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information or non-personally identifiable information from users under 13 years of age in the United States, and under the applicable age of consent in the European Union, other than as permitted by law in support of our internal operations (in the U. S.) and legitimate interests (outside the U. S.). 
If we learn that we have collected personal information of users under the age of 13 or other applicable age of consent, other than persistent identifiers for support of the internal operations of the Services (in the U. S.) and for our legitimate interests (outside the U. S.), then we will take reasonable steps to remove such information. We may collect non-personally identifiable information from children, such as country settings and language settings, to ensure compliance with the applicable law for the specified country. 
If you believe that we may have unintentionally collected personal information about your child, you may contact us using the details provided below.
contact@wanderword.net
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at contact@wanderword.net